Kate's review of Nerve documentation (#34)
evilsocket/nerve: docs/index.md

### Installing with Cargo

The easiest and recommended way to install Nerve is with [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html):

```sh
cargo install nerve-ai
```

### Installing from DockerHub

> Alternatively, a Docker image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dreadnode/nerve). In order to run it, you'll probably want the same network as the host in order to reach the OLLAMA server, and remember to share in a volume the tasklet files:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a Docker image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dreadnode/nerve). When running the container, you'll likely want it to share the same network as the host in order to connect to the OLLAMA server. To allow Nerve to reach network endpoints like OLLAMA, use the command below. This ensures the container runs without network isolation and can access the same resources on the network as your host computer.

Additionally, remember to share the tasklet files by mounting a volume when running the container.
```

> <!-- This snippet needs a bit more clarity. Perhaps splitting the sentences would help? The piece about "remember to share in a volume the tasklet files" is a little confusing. Does the user need to share the network? I think I need some help understanding this piece! -->

Reviewer: When you run a docker container, it is isolated in its own network by default - this prevents exposing anything on the host (your computer) network to it. 

However, for some use cases (using local inference servers like ollama for instance) Nerve _needs_ to connect to those network endpoints, therefore the --network=host part below means that the container will run without network isolation and will "see" the same things your computer "sees" on the network.

The user doesn't need to do anything more than using this command line. I hope it makes more sense now!

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Installing with Cargo

The easiest and recommended way to install Nerve is with [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html):

```sh
cargo install nerve-ai
```

### Installing from DockerHub

> Alternatively, a Docker image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dreadnode/nerve). When running the container, you'll likely want it to share the same network as the host in order to connect to the OLLAMA server. To allow Nerve to reach network endpoints like OLLAMA, use the command below. This ensures the container runs without network isolation and can access the same resources on the network as your host computer.

Reviewer: I would rephrase as "When running the container, if you are using a local inference server such as OLLAMA, you'll likely want it ..." (without the OLLAMA mention at the end) ... this only applies for local inference services, so maybe worth separating altogether as a side note?

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a Docker image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dreadnode/nerve). When running the container, if you're using a local inference server such as OLLAMA, you'll likely want it to share the same network as the host. To allow Nerve to reach network endpoints like OLLAMA, use the command below. This ensures the container runs without network isolation and can access the same resources on the network as your host computer.
```

Author: Like that? Is that what you meant? :)

Additionally, remember to share the tasklet files by mounting a volume when running the container.

```sh
docker run -it --network=host -v ./examples:/root/.nerve/tasklets dreadnode/nerve -h
```

### Building from sources

To build from source code:

```sh
cargo build --release
```

## Usage

> In order to use Nerve, you must specify which model to use through a generator string and a tasklet file.

Reviewer: ... generator string and what task to perform from/trough/via a tasklet file.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to use Nerve, you must specify which model to use through a generator string and what task to perform through a tasklet file.
```

### Installing with Cargo

The easiest and recommended way to install Nerve is with [Cargo](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html):

```sh
cargo install nerve-ai
```

### Installing from DockerHub

Alternatively, a Docker image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dreadnode/nerve). When running the container, you'll likely want it to share the same network as the host in order to connect to the OLLAMA server. To allow Nerve to reach network endpoints like OLLAMA, use the command below. This ensures the container runs without network isolation and can access the same resources on the network as your host computer.

Additionally, remember to share the tasklet files by mounting a volume when running the container.

```sh
docker run -it --network=host -v ./examples:/root/.nerve/tasklets dreadnode/nerve -h
```

### Building from sources

To build from source code:

> <!-- Is "source" a standard term that our users are comfortable with? Do we need to explain what we mean by "sources" a bit more here? -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

```sh
cargo build --release
```

## Usage

In order to use Nerve, you must specify which model to use through a generator string and a tasklet file.

To specify the model, refer to the [LLM Support](#llm-support) and [tasklets](tasklets.md) documentation.

For instance the command below will run the `examples/code_auditor` tasklet using the `gpt-4o` model from OpenAI:

```sh
nerve -G "openai://gpt-4o" -T examples/code_auditor 
```

Some tasklets require additional arguments that can be passed with `-D name=value` using the command line. For instance, the `code_auditor` tasklet requires a `TARGET_PATH` argument:

```sh
nerve -G "openai://gpt-4o" -T examples/code_auditor -D TARGET_PATH=/path/to/code
```

When you use a workflow file, you can specify it with the `-W`/`--workflow` argument:

> <!-- "In case of a workflow", does this mean "when creating a workflow", "when using a workflow"? needs a tab more clarity here! -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To build from source:

Author: ```suggestion
To build from source code:
```

> <!-- Is "source" a standard term that our users are comfortable with? Do we need to explain what we mean by "sources" a bit more here? -->

Reviewer: sources? source code? i think these are all used interchangeably but i might be wrong ...

```sh
cargo build --release
```

## Usage

In order to use Nerve, you must specify which model to use through a generator string and a tasklet file.

To specify the model, refer to the [LLM Support](#llm-support) and [tasklets](tasklets.md) documentation.

For instance the command below will run the `examples/code_auditor` tasklet using the `gpt-4o` model from OpenAI:

```sh
nerve -G "openai://gpt-4o" -T examples/code_auditor 
```

Some tasklets require additional arguments that can be passed with `-D name=value` using the command line. For instance, the `code_auditor` tasklet requires a `TARGET_PATH` argument:

```sh
nerve -G "openai://gpt-4o" -T examples/code_auditor -D TARGET_PATH=/path/to/code
```

> In case of a workflow, you can specify the workflow file with the `-W`/`--workflow` argument:

Author: ```suggestion
When you use a workflow file, you can specify it with the `-W`/`--workflow` argument:
```

> <!-- "In case of a workflow", does this mean "when creating a workflow", "when using a workflow"? needs a tab more clarity here! -->

Reviewer: When using a workflow file opposed to a tasklet file
